Now with static Nat there's a permanent mapping between the internal IP address and a specified public
IP address while in dynamic not individual private addresses are mapped to individual public addresses
in a pool of addresses.
So as an example if you had 10 IP addresses in your pool the first host that sends traffic will get
to use the first IP address in the pool.
The second host would use the second IP address and so forth and so one you're not explicitly mapping
a public IP address to a internal server IP address.
So when you set up a dynamic that you're going to set up a pool of addresses you also configure it inside
and outside interfaces but you don't create a static map to a single IP address.
You create a pool of addresses that can be used by hosts internally.